This is a head-gum original.
Thank you so much.
What the hell was that?
What?
You said, uh, because we were about to start recording the show.
Why didn't you think that you'd cut me off?
I thought I'd have like a minute to exhale before we launch right into it.
What we do have to do is adjust cameras.
Diaphragmatic.
Diaphragmatic breathing.
It was very like, uh, meditative.
We've never had whole body.
Can you shut the fire?
You've never had this.
Do you say that?
Well, no, because...
Oh, yeah, did you focus any of the cameras?
I didn't focus any of them.
Here's the thing, right?
No one's ever sat this far away for each other.
So, uh, so I want to get into why you guys feel so,
that I am magically opposed physically and emotionally.
I think that's like the optimal layout.
Yeah, it's a balance to prove.
I thought I was going to say it's a balanced approach.
Yeah.
I think it's because...
Well, actually, you could be one further away.
And then it's really balanced.
I think it's because yesterday, a mirror came in.
We hadn't seen each other in a while.
I was talking to a pile about some wiring in the studio.
And I said, a mirror we're talking.
And then he left him after that.
It wasn't...
Like, we couldn't get battling.
We couldn't shake it.
That didn't happen.
That's not why you're not sitting in this seat.
Why is a pile there?
Pile was in LA.
He was helping us, like, set up a network or something.
Well, then what did I do it for?
You were an awesome first pass.
And we loved the rough draft to be sure.
Every great story starts with that outline.
I didn't tell.
It was sort of the closer.
I said, in the past.
You sent piles.
No, I saved...
I saved the company cash by being his proxy.
And he just flew out anyway.
I think he didn't fly out for that.
He was here.
He was here for something else.
And then, in addition to that, he had, like, walk around.
He had this, like, radar thing.
Did you see that?
I saw the radar thing.
Yeah.
It was, it was kind of, like, a metal, the metal detector.
So it was, like, walking around like this.
It's not strong here.
And he almost was, like, remapping the whole server.
No.
You don't get to join this.
You weren't here.
We do have a new server.
That I did set up.
Let's be clear.
He set up, pile also set up a application on there called, like, grand exchange.
What does it say?
It says, oh, this is a draft of an email from Marty to me that I'm fired.
Okay.
Anyways, it's like a program.
Yeah.
I'm just imagining Marty coming into the studio to draft an email.
Didn't say that.
Sitting down to the big computer.
Is this a big air squeaking up a storm?
Yeah.
You can't handle the arena.
You know what I mean?
Like, we might not have his salary.
But at least we can handle the bulls.
We can run with them.
Of course.
It's okay to smile and like, enjoy what I'm saying.
What do you will if it's enjoyable?
I was smiling.
I get see Maria together.
And I can't see this screen.
And I can certainly see anyone.
I am just about to tell you.
I'm just about to tell you.
Yeah.
It's a really nice arena.
So she's sort of like hovering over my desk.
Like with her arms on my shoulders.
What is it?
What are all like the bullpen people talking about.
That's kind of what Marty does.
Yeah, but she can't see you.
Yeah.
And you can't see her.
That's a bad attitude.
It's a bad layout.
And really like, and by people in America, the study hall episode that came out last week,
you guys haven't even heard it because it hasn't come out yet.
What is that?
Well, basically it was the study hall episode, right?
So it was like, everyone was supposed to kind of bring in a piece of information or a subject
and kind of enlighten the others.
So more like, show and tell.
In a way, yeah, but in regards to like, study hall.
When Jeff says this, what do you think he be inspired?
People were supposed to bring in, like,
can I take a guess?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
No, I think it was like, I think it was a 10 minute buffer.
I think it would be a 10 minute window to come up with something for him.
That's really generous, but he did it in the recording.
In fact.
And we actually have to do it.
This all being said, no one really understood.
The assignment.
Well, the assignment.
No, no, the assignment.
Was that Jeff decided to read Wikipedia article?
Mm.
What do you rule that we did?
It would be a good idea for us to all bring up PowerPoint.
I was going to say we should do a slideshow.
But you have to tell people ahead of time.
Right. That's the part I don't understand.
I feel like we're not really like agreeing there.
You're like improv.
Yeah.
We're supposed to be.
It shouldn't be as ill-prepared as you basically.
There's a certain energy.
This episode is already having it.
That that one didn't have.
And I don't want to put it all on pile.
Marika and the fourth.
Guess who is the fourth?
Who was it, Marika?
Casey.
Donna, you.
You.
Casey.
Participated.
I think.
Marika was sour.
Pile wasn't.
Because joking.
You made her choke.
Hello.
She's coughing.
That wasn't funny enough to choke on your disease.
No, I don't.
Don't know what happened.
Inhale too fast.
What?
I.
Inhale too fast.
Breathe.
Bad.
People didn't like that episode though.
So this one has a little bit more of a.
It has no.
It's going to love it.
I think it has to go.
People.
People is Marika and Drew and Donna you.
So I thought this one would.
You know, we bring a little bit more meat on the bone.
Rest is sort of suck off.
Don't.
The wing.
Then we're fucking.
Yeah.
You know the flank.
You ever have a bone in flank?
Have had a bone in your eye.
I'm out though.
The women's.
Club.
No.
People loved that episode.
We'll never be able to replicate that.
What episode was that?
Oh, the women's up all the.
When they were all on the.
All the challenges.
Looking.
Yeah.
That was good energy.
Marika's lucky.
She didn't have to look at you.
And you said, you know, the bone.
She.
We had to make eye contact.
Marika.
Basically.
So.
Another dimension.
Yeah.
It's coughing.
So I thought that we could read some reviews from Apple podcast.
Because we've always talked about wanting to do this.
We've never done it.
So.
Do you guys want to do that now?
Or do you like us want to do that after the break?
Maybe you acts a bit.
Just do it now.
You said it out.
You walked us to the edge of the fucking bit.
Bond of the week.
So we're not doing it.
Yeah.
The reviews.
The what?
Um, I don't know.
Fucking scars guard.
Peter scars.
Yeah.
Peter.
That's pretty good.
For no reason.
Yeah.
Which one's Peter?
Not he's not a scar.
You're not doing it.
Don't.
I'm related to the scars guards that we know.
Yeah.
He's just a scar.
He's a scar.
That we know.
God.
Peter.
So the brothers are scars.
Scars.
And he's a scar.
Correct.
Yeah.
What do you guys think?
I don't know that is.
I think he's.
You probably do.
He doesn't have enough.
You don't the bone.
I was in the jungle.
No.
Sorry.
I, I, I, I like him.
But I don't think.
I don't think he's got it.
Okay.
I think he could be a good bond villain.
Good.
Correct.
That's great.
I was going to say no.
I'm here.
Um, I'm going to.
Nass.
I'm not going to promote a struck blast.
I'm not going to talk about this.
But you're not even inside.
Inside.
I already with the unions.
I don't think you're in the unions though.
I don't know.
I have solidarity with them.
And I'm not going to promote a struck project.
This project doesn't even exist though.
We're talking about like a theoretical.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
Because if I say the word, it's promoting it.
Bond.
I don't know.
So what do you invest in?
Stocks.
Securities.
Mutual funds.
Sandgards.
I've never even had that one.
Vanguard.
ETFs.
That's like a.
ETFs are.
They're cool.
I think that one is sort of a mutual fund.
Thoughts.
I think that's my favorite.
Seeing and the Barbie movie.
Where.
Ryan Gosling's realizing that the world is a patriarchy.
And I was the world's only patriarchy.
Specifically talking about the scene where I think it's Scott Evans.
Ken character is just explaining bonds and CDs to someone.
Are you.
Are you not going to tell everyone?
What?
Oh my god.
You hooked up with the Ken guy?
Ryan Gosling?
No.
There's like 80 kids in the movie.
That's a little joke.
What is happening?
Are you not going to tell them?
We sat in front of them.
We sat in front of Scott Evans.
Chris Evans brother.
And all of a sudden.
Kevin.
Yes.
He was just talking about it.
He was Ken in the.
One of the cans in the Barbie movie.
Wow.
Oh.
Yeah.
He doesn't get awful.
He's.
Like Chris Evans is pretty boring looking.
But like.
Fuck off.
Let's move on.
He.
His skin looks like milk.
I mean.
He's always been the least attractive of the Hollywood alisters that people say are hot
to me.
His brother looks like the same but not nice.
Chris at least looks like a good person.
You're a bad person.
You're a good person.
Because I said suck meat off the bone.
Yeah.
That wasn't good.
But that was honestly number 1,000 in a laundry list of things that suck.
Name three things I've done that sucked.
He said.
You called Chris Evans skin milky.
That was just now.
You said brother looks like a bad person.
I think he does.
He looks like somebody that would make someone jump in the water party.
But what I'm saying is the list of things that are bad about you.
Is like I said that a lot.
Okay.
But that's nothing.
That's a lot.
You can say anything.
Yeah.
Say anything.
It's a good band.
I think I'm serious.
What are the worst things you've ever done?
So like I have no idea how easy you're doing this stuff.
Head in hands.
What are the worst things Jeff's ever done?
The last few weeks you had a bunch of us coming to the office to record a podcast and you just didn't show up.
And then you said, I'm sorry.
I spaced.
You constantly docks people and yourself and sometimes forget to edit it out.
You send me food and don't tell me so it just rocks on my food waste.
Yeah.
It's a food waste.
Plus ant problem infestation.
And it has that you own.
You would have to fumigate you can't just move.
It's disgusting.
The ads team emails me every week because you forget to do something.
Correctly when you upload an episode.
That's true.
You do forget.
You forgot what I just went over teaching.
What did you just go over teaching?
You forgot everything I taught you about how to upload the podcast.
So I keep having to fix episodes of your upload.
Meaning.
I did genuinely forget.
So why don't you teach me right now so I will do it right.
I feel like this is a teachable moment for you.
It's not a teachable moment.
That's a teachable moment.
The moment.
The moment when you teachable moment.
It's a teachable moment.
Yeah.
Sometimes it takes a while to take.
It doesn't stick.
If you weren't funny you'd be the worst person ever.
You have no redeeming qualities.
He'd be a zero.
That's actually when I was sick.
He asked him I was feeling.
That was very thoughtful.
That was an automated text.
That was scheduled months before to actually put you in utilities.
And I'm trying to come to your defense.
I don't know why.
And yesterday I apologize to him privately for ignoring him.
Bagsman and being mean to him in the company slack.
And he said I didn't have to apologize for either.
That was pretty nice.
You ignored him in the company slack.
No, I ignored him his text.
And then I was mean to him a little bit in the company slack.
But that's his slack attitude is like to be antagonistic.
So it's nice that you play along and prod him back.
Sorry to.
Yeah, sometimes I feel like it goes too far.
He wants it to be on his terms.
And I feel like as soon as you kind of step out of that.
He needles and needles.
And then you go back and that you're apologizing to him.
I was going to say maybe we do needle for lunch.
He needles.
Yeah.
Like I need the train fund.
Such a such an inside jug that I loved.
Well, I kind of want to introduce the idea of needle because it's the new arms be.
It really is.
Yeah.
Only it's actually good.
That's the different idea.
Yeah.
Because arms be we should just for those who don't know.
Actually, I don't know.
Sick own giri balls.
Three inches in diameter.
Rice triangles rounded.
Kind of like a point where they're not even a triangle.
Yeah.
It was sort of a sphere of rice.
Imagine a grapefruit of rice.
But instead of seeds, it's a chunk of tuna.
It was a triangle of badness.
I would say that there's three components.
Rice fish and like mayo.
Did this start the rice?
This was the origin of rice, I think.
Because we used to say exactly right.
It was the only agree of the whole rice story.
So yeah, there was there were three components.
Rice fish mayo.
No, I understand.
And you know, I think at most, you could get away with like a
Negroni split like one to one to one.
Negroni.
You know, like me groan is like three.
We're getting away from the point.
Basically.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yeah.
Would be like, let's say 50% rice.
I thought you got only giri wrong.
No.
Oh, no.
Negroni.
It's a rice-based drink.
Rice oroni.
I own a groan.
It's under groany with sake.
No, I think it should be like 50%.
50% rice, 35% fish, 15% mayo.
This was nothing near that.
This was like 80%.
No, this was like 60% rice.
For 39% mayo, 1% fish.
It was absolutely vile.
So needle by contrast is good.
Completely different food.
All right.
Yeah, that's true.
But it has rice.
Yeah.
We've eaten a needle.
It's very good.
We had needle.
You haven't been there.
I've never been there.
And I like, yeah.
It took over my favorite restaurant in L.A.
So I'm pretty bummed.
Which was what?
Oakberry?
Yeah.
It was an original.
The podcast before I was going to have a new role.
Yeah.
Oh, the fuck place.
I wasn't really fun.
No.
You know, I was always saying that.
Oh, very being your favorite restaurant in L.A.
Would be so iconic.
Yeah.
The worst of sight ever, ever.
Hmm.
What do you guys fear most of the moment?
We're going to do the kind of in here for podcasts.
We're going to do it after the break, man.
Oh, my God.
Give my bond to the week.
What's your bond?
You said Scott Evans.
No, I didn't.
Oh.
My bond of the week.
Hmm.
It's going to be probably the new teacher from hardstopper season two.
I don't know.
My worst name.
But I like to be seen it.
Hmm.
I don't know either.
Sorry, Marika.
I want to pick up this thread with you, but.
No, it's fine.
Oh, just David Tennett.
Oh.
Oh, that's good.
Is it?
Oh, from Doctor Who?
No.
Sure.
Well, where are you going to say on you?
Is he the one from the Olivia Coleman?
Yes.
Yeah.
Um, murder shots.
Yes.
Yeah.
He's great.
So good.
Mm-hmm.
Great show.
What's that one called?
Uh, it serves the project.
Yeah.
We're not allowed to talk about any of this.
Insolidarity with this.
Well, the.
It's a strict project.
That's true.
But it's BBC.
It's like how?
No.
Hmm.
Insolidarity with the striking UPS workers.
I think we should have a UPS workers bond.
I thought they figured there should out.
It's they're going back and forth still.
I see.
Um, my buddy used to drive for UPS.
James Johnston.
Awesome.
So James Bondston.
That's pretty good.
It's really good.
Is that fine?
It's fine.
That's James.
He's here.
He was sitting in this chair.
It's kind of fun.
Just like you were.
Exactly.
That's true.
Well, I wasn't on their show.
They were on your show.
Yeah.
They never invited me on their show.
We'll never.
Um.
What are you guys most afraid of in the world right now?
What's that?
What?
Sorry.
He's collecting himself like a.
He went like this.
What are you most afraid of right now?
Just one thing.
The most.
Sort of inherently one thing.
Yeah.
I'm not supposed to be lost in doing this show for me too, by the way.
Everybody's exhausted by too.
He's most afraid of me too.
No.
There's no way.
Grace.
I'll be great.
I've always preceded with grace and reverence.
Trying to treat people with the utmost respect.
Hmm.
You just said that Chris Evans skin was a milky.
I don't think that's the most respect.
I don't think that's a bad thing.
Milky?
Well, careful.
Well, there's different kinds of milk.
What if it looks strawberry milky?
Have you guys ever met somebody with like a sour milk energy?
Hmm.
You?
What the fuck?
Very good.
The bagpire?
Couldn't have seen that coming.
Um.
Who's your bond with me?
Are you already said?
I thought I said Sandy.
You did not say anyone.
We got it this way.
Sandy?
Okay.
Oh, he said he said theater stars.
Yeah.
A book dropping in a library.
Our next partner is athletic greens.
Guys, I used to take a ton of different vitamins and supplements.
Literally a basket full of f***.
I'm not supposed to say other brands, huh?
Of a bunch of different vitamins and supplements.
And there were so many pills that it took like 10 minutes to take them all to get all the nutrients that I needed.
But then, Micah had had gum introduced me to AG one by athletic greens.
And I was like, this has literally every mineral in vitamin.
I was taking by pill in an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
And it tasted great.
And now I can casually sip as I start my day instead of stopping everything taking pill pill pill.
Uh, and it is just hard, you know, to keep up with a traditional supplement routine.
I'm not alone in feeling that way.
And very quickly, I realized that AG one fit into my lifestyle a lot better.
Because like I said, you can sip it casually while you do other things.
I will wake up.
I'll have a glass of water.
Then I have my AG one.
And then I have my coffee.
And then I'm off to the races.
And I've quickly noticed that it helps with my mental clarity and alertness, sleep quality for sure.
Uh, and overall just feeling like I'm doing one thing for my health every day.
And even that mentally can be really helpful in getting other stuff done.
Every scoop is packed with 75 vitamins, minerals, and whole food sourced ingredients of the highest quality.
That give major benefits like gut and mood support, boosted energy, and even healthier looking skin hair and nails.
AG one is delivered right to your door every month, making it super easy to make it a daily habit.
It's very easy for me.
I never even have to think about it.
And because of the subscription, every time I'm nearing, you know, the end of my supply, boom, it's right there at my front door.
Could not be easier.
So if you're looking for an easier way to take supplements, athletic greens is giving you a free one year supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
Go to athletic greens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
Oh, we're coming out of my belly.
Half of the show, right?
Let's get the energy.
Let's get some interviews.
Let's talk about them.
Maybe we'll be funny.
Maybe we'll all get smiley and like happy.
You know, this kind of feels like when I was a kid.
Why?
Because my parents would argue, right?
And I would be like, oh my god, are they going to get a divorce?
And I'd have to like take two people who look so upset.
I would have to take two people who look so upset at each other at me.
And, you know, my dad will go like, it's your fault.
If we break up, it's your fault.
And me just trying to be like, hey, let's all be happy, you know?
Yeah.
The clown.
Sort of the gesture.
Maybe not clown.
Because gestures of job and clown is an art.
I was told once that that's like a younger sibling energy.
It's like you're the the youngest like in a wolf pack is just there to not create drama.
You're just like solve it.
Go with the flow.
Trying a lot of it.
It's interesting to listen in her harmony.
Yeah.
Somebody was trying to like persuade my listeners through that one.
I'm the youngest child.
It's like, oh, you don't.
You don't ever have a strong opinion because you don't want to ruffle any feathers.
No, I do.
Yeah.
And then you're trying to make levity in trying to like create a care free attitude and dramatic
situation.
What he's talking about is middle child syndrome.
And it's just that he has middle child energy as a youngest.
Nope.
Jeff, are you the baby?
No.
This show is sponsored by better help.
Guys, sometimes you feel uncertain in life.
You know, where are you headed?
What is the right path to take?
How am I going to navigate this tricky time in my life?
I mean, I'll be honest.
I'm going through one right now.
A lot of my best friends have moved to New York.
And I'm left wondering, you know, what should I do?
What hobbies should I devote myself to?
How do you make new friends as an adult?
You know, we're always faced with crossroads in life.
And we don't know what path to take sometimes.
And that decision is really difficult when you're doing it on your own.
But whatever it is, therapy can help you map out your future and trust yourself to find
the way forward.
I'm in therapy every week.
My therapist is working overtime right now.
Trying to help me figure out my whole life plan.
But I can confidently say that I am a different and better version of myself,
comparing when I started to therapy, started in therapy, and now cannot recommend it highly enough.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist,
and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Let therapy be your map with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that today?
To get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Youngest of five.
Not me.
Youngest of two.
I'm not the youngest of five.
Hmm.
To get into some reviews.
Yeah.
Cleaner reall the youngest sibling.
Where are you?
I guess technically.
I have half siblings.
But they're all over me.
Yeah.
So we're all the youngest child.
That's interesting.
A bunch of clowns.
Yeah.
Okay.
Just.
Justers.
He says.
This review is from low 817.
Um.
Low boss worth.
No.
Ha ha.
First episode is like standing near a group of headroom employees and Jeff,
and over here in their conversations.
They speak as if we already know who they are, and as well as all their friends.
Listen to all episodes so far.
It doesn't get Jeff or there's no structure.
I listened to if I were you too, and that podcast revolves around a different format.
The lack of grammar and surplus of spelling errors in the headgum podcast five star reviews
has a lot about how funny their demographic is.
Jake and him are in their late 40s now, right?
But they still are young and funny.
And I bet most of their fans are under 30.
I'm so happy for them.
Those really.
They also said, and you've got Hay riddle riddle on your network.
That's amazing.
So, I, to Hay riddle riddle.
Really don't appreciate Marie go like hovering over my shoulder.
Having the apple podcasts pulled up because I didn't want to look less into it.
Yeah.
I could tell you don't want to include it, but I had a marketing.
I do want to include it because we love to give a shout out to other podcasts.
I can never mind.
Honestly, the main point of this podcast is to illuminate different shows on our network.
Oh.
Why doesn't Jeff do that?
Well, he does the opposite.
He sort of suppresses it even when they accident.
But is it not what we're paying him for?
I thought so, but he sort of taken the nuclear football and ran away.
I don't know what that.
So, second review.
This title, the actually five stars.
As a women.
Do you read these beforehand?
It looks like they're shocking you.
They are.
So you hadn't read any of these.
Why would I do that?
So you wouldn't get my natural reaction.
Yeah.
These are a born performer.
Just yeah.
Whenever you find skim one that you.
What do you say about women?
It was like a second part to the other.
Or you.
I was going to have to cut it.
I was doing that to make you guys laugh here and now.
Beautiful.
Here we go.
To the core.
From Nick name is already taken.
The title's Jeffrey James.
Colin.
Now.
A piece of.
A piece of absorbent material wrapped around a person's bottom.
Between their legs to absorb and retain urine and feces.
Folks, I'm being kind here.
He thinks I'm a diaper man.
But you know what?
He's not wrong.
Because I do kind of catch a lot of shit on this fucking show.
That's pretty good.
That.
I.
Bars.
I'm hearing a.
Siren.
Is that a siren?
I thought it was like a.
Yeah.
I'm coming to get me.
Um.
Marie, can we should say.
Stop.
No.
It's like a.
That's kind of like unheard of.
Right.
Where.
Yeah.
Obviously cut that.
Okay.
What even is anything after the break that I've got to cut.
So we're very little as well.
By the way, I'm going to chop it up.
It'll all be cut out.
But it's going to be chopped up not smoothly.
So people know how much it's been taken.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Is that going to be.
Are you writing your own vows?
Are you writing?
Yes.
Really?
What do you think I was going to just take it from a fucking book of
poetry or something?
Kind of.
Yeah.
Yes.
Why didn't.
At that.
At that idea.
Writing your own vows.
You're not going to quote like.
Well, we're going to say Shakespeare.
I was going to say shagal.
Who's a visual artist.
Yeah.
I'm quoting a stained glass.
Artists or glass.
Got it.
Um.
Here we go.
This is from Birch 91.
Oh, I saw.
That.
What's that play?
Here it's a.
Meritay.
Yeah.
Martin's spot.
Weird spot.
It's kind of awesome.
You know who else has been there.
John Mayer.
You know, we walk in through.
Have you ever been to Meritay?
No.
I never even heard of it.
Is it new?
It's new.
I'm like, I can't believe this even exists back here.
I don't even know it was before.
They let people in their late 40s.
Well, they don't actually.
I'm 40.
Point five.
So very early 40s.
It's like he doesn't even read.
I do.
What's that?
I was told that the food there was bad, but the drinks are good.
And have.
Well, how would you experience everything that's.
Every place now.
Yeah.
I didn't eat there.
Only get a drink.
Yeah.
Got a drink.
Can you read the review?
Yep.
This is from Birch 91.
Five stars?
No one man should have all that sour.
Good.
Listening to this feels like I'm trying to cut water with a pair of scissors.
Additionally, I'm going to make Jeff drink a non-ganset beer and watch him wither away like a vampire exposed to direct sunlight.
We haven't talked about ganset in a while.
It kind of like was one of those in beer citizenship that sort of fades away.
You know that kind of ambience it or shit.
I feel like you don't drink beer that much anymore.
Can you control F the reviews for all of our names?
Uh, that's not possible.
You can't search.
You can't use like it's a text document.
Yes.
No, not on Apple podcast I just tried.
Maybe if I was on the website or something, but I don't really care to open Google Chromebook.
I think we should look at YouTube comments more than...
Can you search those?
Apple podcast reviews.
That's probably smarter.
I would say so far we have zero after the break.
It's been a...
Maybe the one line about the restaurant?
Yeah, but even then it was just like...
It didn't mention my personal life, so it's going to be gone.
Okay.
There was...
There was one review that was sort of mid that we read.
But they did say that you were in your late 40s, which we should keep.
Yeah, that's part of this morning.
Do you think they really think that?
Or is that a joke?
I think the whole thing was kind of...
It's not that far from how old you are.
This is really funny.
Um, nine years off piece.
This is a comment from at 1-2-2 Go Green on last week's episode.
I'm here to tell a true story.
Last night I had a dream that Jeff was hired to be on SML.
I saw it on his Twitter.
He was thanking everyone and said he'd look fondly on the days where he was just Jeffrey the dumbass.
Here's the kicker though.
To mark his debut in the world of show business, he had adopted a new stage name.
Tony Zero.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
All right.
Tony.
It's like Tony Clifton, but it's zero.
That's really funny.
Yeah.
If that was the case and I was Tony Zero on SNL,
you know how they get to choose their...
We're in your...
We're in New York.
They're going to do their intro video.
Mine would be like getting a parking ticket.
It's good.
I'm liking rage.
I thought it was going to be a zero world trade server.
It's also pretty good.
Ground Zero.
Ground Tony Zero.
That's what it looks like.
Eating a spiral pizza over a fucking dumpster.
It's me getting grounded at Ground Zero.
Oh god.
Like a construction worker shows me to the ground.
Um...
I'm going to call.
It's okay.
Uh, so far nothing has been usable after the break I think.
I...
I got the...
The address of one world trade server wrong.
You don't have to cut that.
It's definitely not zero.
I don't think any address has ever been zero.
It's ground zero, but that's confusing.
Yeah.
One world trade and then ground zero.
Why wouldn't they call it zero world trade?
I don't think an address could be zero.
Of course, again.
I don't think so.
Marica?
Hmm?
Can an address be zero?
Can we get a numbers crunch on that?
What?
Can we go this one from At Mr. Ballof?
I love when this clock has-
Listen if we know what-
Mr. Ballof?
Ooh, ooh.
Ooh.
Oh, of course, Mr. Ballofa.
They call man.
Mr. Boom, Flafo.
Fiffa, Lofo.
No.
Boom, boom, I'm gonna do a different one.
She's as Christ unusable to the core.
Zero percent of this has been good.
Tony Zero.
Tony Zero is good actually.
What I'm saying is he's gonna try to keep it at zero.
Let's see if we can get a zero usable back half of the episode.
I'm really curious to hear what everything after the break will sound like.
It's gonna sound like some sort of weird choppy nothing is that he created.
Tony Zero.
And five with bull, bull, bull, fah.
I'm on last week's episode.
Yeah, I'm on tip.
Thoughts.
Thoughts is Maria is sort of saving your ass because you're just sort of silently reading reviews right now.
Yeah, I was gonna read some comments.
Someone said from last week, the are grits race, grits count as race.
Absolute comedic moment of the century.
Wow.
How does that make you feel Jeff of the century?
Well, it's obviously hyperbole, right?
They don't actually mean that.
Did you see the clip from yesterday?
What happened?
I don't know where I'm to cut this.
Yeah.
Resisting is sad.
Did you see really kind of?
This is from the burning all the right episode,
which was the powerhouse women episode.
At Alex D.H. 2001 said there's something so funny about Jeff being a disembodied
voice for most of the pod while the camera is on the women.
Careful.
And then cutting to his smug face whenever he does a mediocre word play.
How many stars?
Oh, that's not YouTube.
Got it.
How many are there in this video for you?
Um.
So much silence.
It's just going to be chopped up, chopped up and then yeah, I'll review that.
And then silence.
And Daddy Tuesday night.
Jeff is like a hot nasty, scolding man, man.
I can't get enough, but I've had enough.
He's slime and a dime and definitely past his prime.
Right here, buddy.
Coolish shit.
Love you, man.
And he's doing the emoji, the middle finger.
You're doing the bad guessing.
You know, there's a middle finger emoji.
Doesn't that seem kind of crass for like the most g-rated thing
that you could put on your iPhone?
Yeah, like we had to take a water gun or whatever.
Right.
But you have a straight up middle finger.
That means fuck.
Anyway, you slice it.
It's the effort.
We've never done this.
But four minutes on the board.
It's a mirror's druthers.
Oh my god.
Yes.
Yeah.
When you're driving with someone or you're navigating somewhere, like on a hike or a
ride or whatever, some sort of journey.
And somebody recommends going one way and you recommend going another.
I find it.
It's always useful to go their way because whether it's a 50 50 shot, which when it's
faster, you can never prove that your way is faster.
They can always just call you out on your way being worse.
So just yeah, sure.
Go your way.
If it's slower, I won't mention anything and if it's faster than you were right.
I basically, I'm a martyr for this trip.
And if we go my way and it's slower, I'll never fucking hear the end of it.
Oh, we should have done the other way.
I'm in an Uber to LAX.
His ways or his Google Maps says take side streets to the highway halfway to the airport.
And he's like, no, trust me, I've been doing this for like five years.
This way is faster.
I'm like, why do you, how do you think you know
live traffic?
Like, I know you think the fastest way to get there is to get on the highway right
here.
But Google Maps is saying that there's a lot of traffic on the highway.
So take side streets until they're like, all right, whatever you say, boss, I'm like,
it's not me.
I'm just looking, I trust the technology.
I'm not calling you out.
By the way, five years is not a long time to be a driver to the point where you think
you know what the traffic will be like on the freeway before we even there.
Furthermore, you get on like these ways.
These GPS apps and it's just like, there's a, there's a car stopped in 0.5 miles.
Is it still there?
I don't know.
Yes.
Half a fucking mile down the road.
Do you want me to answer right now?
No.
They're giving me the option right now.
They're say, car stopped in 0.5 miles, is it still there?
Yeah.
It's still there.
I'm guessing.
I don't fucking know.
It's half a mile down the road.
Ask me when I get there.
You know what I mean?
There's no point in like me weighing in now.
Also, don't rely on people fucking looking at the GPS and being like, uh, yeah, hold on.
Let me press if it's here because I'm still driving how about we're at the point in
society and technology that you can get a fucking GPS camera and you tell me if it's
still there.
And who cares if it's still there?
Is a car stopped on the side of the road?
Sure.
It doesn't matter.
It's not affecting anything.
I'm worried about if there's still a road.
On the side of the road, yeah, we drove fast to car.
Let me weigh in like it's a fucking online pole.
This isn't a doodle where I have to weigh in on shit.
This is a GPS system.
Just telling me the fastest way to get there.
Also, if I'm using ways and my buddies using Google Maps, it's telling me two different
ways to get there.
Didn't Google buy ways?
Aren't they all using the same open source, live traffic technology?
Remember when you're listening on the radio and they're like, all right, we got a helicopter
up in the air and there's some traffic over here and there's some traffic over there.
Are people still flying up in helicopters or are we just like over that?
Like why do we need helicopters at all anymore?
They should all be like diverted.
Those funds should go to like fucking fire, like men using helicopters to drop.
I think water, but maybe some sort of like gray sludge debris, whatever the fuck.
I guess we're past water, even though I see, I still see hydrants everywhere.
That's water.
Why don't we fill the hydrants up with a gray shit that they drop on fires?
Also, what's the point of like trying to contain a forest fire?
These things are going hog wild in Canada.
Yeah, let me lie.
They have a fucking helicopter.
I could try to slow down.
No, you can out slow it down.
The size of fucking Texas, you're wasting your time, you're energy, you're effort.
Those helicopters could be used to tell me the live traffic update or maybe there's a car
on the fucking side of the road.
You guys can tell me about from your helicopter, so I don't have to weigh in while I'm on my
while I'm driving to sort of you've cast my vote as to whether something is on the side
of the road or not.
I have a pitch.
That's how you do a druthers.
Marika.
I have a pitch.
That's a rough.
The spirit of druthers.
That's a rant.
I have a pitch.
Yeah.
Go to break.
Come back from break, just cut to that.
Just keep everything else in, sort of the reverse what we expect.
That's harder for grace, because there's so many more cuts we have to make, but I think
we should come back with a mirror talking about being in an Uber and having a power
of battle of wills between him and the Uber driver.
I think that you're driving in tandem with who's taking Google Maps and you're taking
ways.
Yeah.
If we're both leaving on a ship, or not recording, or no, the SSD just finished.
Holy shit.
That's never happened.
I've never even tried to check.
Take that.
Take the blue one that says audio.
So it's at like 39 minutes left when you start.
What?
Why did it stop?
Just now.
Okay.
Wow.
That's really helping none of the second half was in.
We're the first half, do you?
Oh.
This is going to be a load to edit for me.
Yeah.
But you're saying it's not for Friday.
It's for a week from Friday.
We come Friday.
Friday is already uploaded.
Look at that.
Yeah.
That's really, really proud of you.
You're so hot in my apartment last night.
I didn't get, I didn't get to sleep until 5 a.m.
Did you get to sleep?
I do.
And it was still too hot.
It's like a really old AC.
I don't think it works very well.
I'd need to replace it, but I'm on the, well, I'm on the 18th floor, let's just say.
I'm not.
I just don't want people to know anything.
It's high up.
We also didn't ask.
What is specific?
I don't mean we didn't, you, you like walk yourself into these.
Also, wasn't it cooler than like 70 degrees outside, like can you just open the window?
Isn't that hot?
We're right.
No, yeah.
I'm here taking issues off.
So about your thing, I was with you.
Like, I started off fine.
We were like, it's just like a Jenga tower exploded all over our laps.
We had like, two months of solid episodes, maybe like six weeks.
And then starting with pile, there's been a demise.
I don't say that while we're still recording.
We can start taking time.
Okay.
How do we turn it around, I guess?
I think it's on Marika.
She's been saying nothing.
You just said that the hard drive stopped.
You gave me no indication that we're back.
You just, I think.
I can't see you.
I can't see anybody.
I'm looking at myself.
You're in a lot of other podcasts, records, right?
Yeah.
Do they go like this?
But they usually have a plan.
Really?
Or you spent half of the episode, skimming,
leading reviews to yourself.
And it was crazy because he wasn't like, oh, I have to find one and just like,
no, you really said that.
Marika, we're awful, unusable.
Yes, you're not going to use any of it.
Maybe Tony's zero.
Tony's, we'll come back from the break.
We'll use Tony's zero.
Tony's zero, get up with the hero.
And then emures your others.
But that means that we have to wax for another 40 minutes.
I think that we have to call that something else besides
a mirror's dryers.
That's not the spirit of dryers.
That's the spirit of dryers.
That's always been a spirit of dryers.
You've always dryed there.
What's the spirit of dryers?
What did you say, what is?
He was talking about if he had his dryers, things would be different.
That's mirrors dryers.
No.
First of all, I didn't say if I had my dryers,
he was just ranting about various,
traffic concepts.
And I guess gray sludge that they pour on fires.
And how that should be in fire hydrants.
Yeah, what did you guys agree with the most?
And what did you guys disagree with the most?
Oh, I can start.
So I was with you at the top,
where like, which I think is a little sibling energy,
where you're like, I'm just going to keep the piece
and do what the person next to me suggesting
because if they're wrong, it's on them.
And I get to be able to feel a little bit superior.
But then it turned out that that's like a conversation
and like a battle of wills that you're having
with an Uber driver, which is,
well, I was sort of flying all over the place.
But sometimes I do, I will get an Uber driver
that wants to override the GPS
because he thinks he knows best.
And you're having like a,
and I'm just like, there's no way you can know
what the traffic is.
Do you say this to him?
No, I'm like, can you already did this?
Yeah.
Speaking of Uber drivers, I got a served
a compilation video today of all of Jake's
Mr. Uber driver's stories.
Oh, that's good.
Hold up.
Wow, they're so funny.
A character based on a filter,
that's Snapchat you sad.
His name?
No, Leslie.
Great name, a British dandy.
Oh, so why were you the Uber driver?
I don't know, so does I wasn't even driving.
You guys ever get Uber drivers that want to
issue the GPS, the navigation,
they're like, because they know better.
I get Uber drivers that are like,
which way do you want to go, sir?
All right.
And then you say, just the GPS or like,
all right, let me fucking hardwire into my ass
and I'll tell you which way to go.
I'm in the front seat.
You're in the front?
I'm pointing, left, right, center.
You're telling them to switch lanes.
Yeah, I'm telling them to get out of this
for some reason.
Yeah, he's on the hood of the car.
Yeah, I'm like,
cleaning the like fucking thing on top
that you can like put, yeah.
I had a board give me the strength.
Why don't you guys lead some shit for once?
I don't know.
I'm out of my ears.
Tell us clearly.
Yes, for now.
I have other ideas that the network keeps saying,
oh, we don't have the money.
I'm like, can I put some money into it?
My own money?
And they're like, no, we can't let you do that.
I'm like, I don't understand that at all.
The same is just talking and having a plan for an episode.
Also, I will say that if you're pitching something to some.
This is just a little bit of free advice.
You're pitching something to someone
and they say we don't have the budget for it.
And then you say, I'll pay for myself
and they still say no.
That's like, that's them politely saying we don't want to do it.
The idea is, well,
because Katie said they want to do it.
I want to do it.
Yeah, to be clear.
OK, OK, first of all, why is this the first time?
Why is it the first time we're all taking each other seriously on this?
I have ideas to break the old.
Maria comes to Jeff's defense for no reason.
For no reason.
Jeff, I was in kidding.
Yeah.
I just want to make two things happen.
They rarely can't even see your face.
I only see your legs.
That's not the case.
So it's holding the show back at this point.
It's just funny.
It's funny that you're saying, we can't afford it.
And then you're saying, I'll pay for it.
It's really not saying no.
It's true.
I don't understand it at all.
I have, at this point, I'm going to do it myself.
And then we'll do it live.
No, what's an example of something that you want to pay for?
I can't say, I can't say it to you.
Jeff, we'll talk about this also.
We'll talk about it offline.
I just said, you already know what we're going to do.
No, I don't.
Yes, you do.
Here we go.
Casey Donnie here in the studio.
And he doesn't look happy.
Get him in here.
He's giving me the wrap it up.
It is almost wrong.
He's coming in at one.
We have a studio tour.
Someone's with you.
Not telling.
Well, I'll believe it.
Bleep it.
Who's coming in here?
Same to show.
The episode's been a fucking wash.
Actually, you said the last episode that Casey was on was awful.
Yeah, but I said that was because of pile.
I don't think we can arm your mic midway through now.
It's already armed.
I knew this would have been.
Yeah.
He's been wasting SD space just for you.
We actually ran out during the episode.
Is that a wrap in before?
Well, you used to run out of episodes.
That's still sprint out of the studio.
I'll leave this humor.
And pandemic, you would leave the Zoom every time.
I'd like the 20 minute mark.
Yeah, I've never heard of this.
Yeah, this podcast.
I've never run out of space in the middle of an episode
because I check to make sure I have enough space
for the right answer.
All right, you coming in with the heat.
You're about to hear everybody is getting to hear it.
Get stole from my Instagram.
Get started.
How long into this, are you guys?
Let's go.
I have to go.
Donna, you're to the rescue.
Let's take it away.
You ever got a new bird driver that says,
shut the fuck up.
No.
Shut the fuck up.
Wow.
You don't realize how off base that reaction was.
Like I haven't heard of Brandon.
Talked about it for four minutes with an amir's
druthers.
He had his druthers.
And then Marieka's trying to tell me what druthers is.
That's what the segment has always meant to be.
And Marieka's never done it.
That way.
I'll just explain the energy in the room.
Usually it's all of us kind of against Jeff and everyone's having fun.
For some reason, I've never done this show to him.
It's every man for himself.
Do you see this?
I'm trying to, I'm trying to fill Casey and get the same bait.
I'm not for Jeff.
I just know where.
I know where.
I'm not going on you side.
I just did it once.
And it was just cool to see.
It's kind of like history.
Again, because he's saying that my druthers are wrong for years.
I've said, break his druthers seven minutes on the board basically like rant.
Go off queen.
And you never have to never even know where to go.
Never have to be with one.
And then your nails.
You can almost argue that this is Marieka's druthers right now.
You had overlapping dialogue with yourself.
I've never seen that.
That was unbelievable.
That's not.
That's not the spirit of Marieka's druthers.
There's also involved and become sort of just uncertain conversation starters that go nowhere
because nobody actually wants to talk about them or they're being silenced by Jeff.
I'd like to see you try to do a Marieka's druthers, actually.
What?
I don't understand.
What I'm just saying was not Marieka's druthers.
What I'm here did was like, it was yours.
It was yours.
You're describing is the rest of the show.
Conversation starters that don't go anywhere, bringing up topics that no one participate
then that's just the show.
So of course Marieka's druthers is supposed to do for it.
What is Jeff explaining the concept of the show to us?
I was good.
Look at Tony Zero over there.
I think he owns this place.
Don't go KC in on me.
It's catching on.
KC, feel free to call me Tony Zero.
I like that.
That was a hit-dum original.